Top 10 best travel destinations for 2016

Top 10 Saint Helena :

saint Helena is a volcanic tropical island in the South Atlantic Ocean, 4,000 kilometers east of Rio de Janeiro and 1,950 kilometers west of the Kunene river. St Helena became a British dependency in 1834 and still retains its 19th century values and is imbued with some 300 years of colonial history. It has a magnificent bronze surroundingcoastline with 1000-foot high cliffs that have been carved over the centuries by the pounding Atlantic rollers.[Photo:IC]

Top 9 Green Coast :

costa Verde, or 'Green Coast' in English, is a coastline in Brazil (chiefly in Rio de Janeiro state), which runs from Itaguai, Rio de Janeiro state, to Santos, Sao Paulo state. It can be considered the greatest extension of Atlantic Forest biome reaching the ocean. Points of interest in the coast include Ilha Grande, Angra dos Reis, Ilhabela and Restinga da Marambaia.

Brazil Rio de Janeiro State Costa Verde Ilha Grande island located 1 hour of boat of Angra dos Reis .[Photo:IC]

Top 8 Bavaria :

bavaria, located in the southeast of Germany with an area of 70,548 square kilometres, has been attracting visitors worldwide with its long history, rich cultural heritage and stunningly beautiful landscape.

Regnitz river with old townhall, Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany [Photo:IC]

Top 7 Hawaii :

hawaii is the largest island located in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is the largest and the southeastern-most of the Hawaiian islands, a chain of volcanic islands in the North Pacific Ocean.

Hawaii,Oahu,Young woman relaxing in tropical pool. [Photo:IC]

Top 6 Auvergne :

the Auvergne is situated in central-southern France, in the centre of the Massif Central. An isolated region of mountains and dramatically rugged countryside and rocky gorges, Clermont-Ferrand is the capital of the region. With volcanic landscapes and mountains, picturesque villages and castles, the Auvergne region has a very distinctive character.[Photo:IC]

Top 5 Waiheke Island :

waiheke Island, New Zealand, is often described as "the jewel of the Hauraki Gulf" and lies 17kms to the east of Auckland. It's famous for its red wine & olives, art & sculpture, white sandy beaches and scenic coastal walkways.[Photo:IC]

Top 4 Friuli :

the Friuli area in Italy has been known as the "heaven of wine" for a long time. Vineyards, architecture, landscapes and world-class wines all together make the place the ideal destination for wine-lovers.

Way to the Castello from the Piazza Liberta, Udine, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy, Europe [Photo:IC]

Top 3 Vinales Valley :

vinales Valley is a karstic depression in Cuba. The valley is located in the Sierra de los Organos mountains (part of Guaniguanico range), just north of Vinales in the Pinar del Rio Province. The place was listed as a World Heritage by UNESCO Prehistory Wall.[Photo:IC]

Top 2 West Iceland :

west Iceland is one of Iceland's most geologically diverse regions. Its natural wonders are a nearly exhaustive sampling of all that Iceland has to offer, ranging from slumbering volcanos and majestic waterfalls to a variety of flora and wildlife.[Photo:IC]

Top 1 Transylvania :

transylvania, which lies in the heart of Romania, is known as a place connected to the legend of Dracula. The Transylvanian countryside features winding roads, ancient forest and mountain passes.[Photo:IC]
